c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\HockeySDK.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\HockeySDK.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\obj\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\GitHub\FirstXamarinFormsApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\FirstApp\bin\Debug\FirstApp.dll.mdb
